What will happen?
The Joe Rogan experience,
one of the things I've said about like comments and podcasts and stuff like
that,
I think one of the reasons why a lot of people get mad,
and I've tried to think this through,
like why some people,
some of the responses so negative to things that don't,
it seemed innocuous on the outside.
I think it's because it's frustrating when you don't have a say.
Yeah,
give to people like us.
You and I are talking about something.
There's probably some guy right now going,
well,
jazz,
fucking stop with all your spiritual bullshit.
Here's what you do.
You'll wake up on your fucking alarm clock goes off.
You never hit snooze.
You get out the door,
you'll put your hours in.
Eventually you get better.
You take care of your family.
Yeah.
I have like a fucking man and there's probably people like that that are,
they're upset that they feel like we're pontificating too much and this is all
just,
you know,
just mental masturbation [inaudible] ways it is.
But that's part of how you solve these things and think these things through.
I believe they deserve their say yes.
And that's one of the things that,
you know,
I've been a person that goes to of 12 step support groups is you recognize that
everyone's individual experience that is valuable but it's not like that.
And I've got over the idea that you know that there's some external thing can be
imposed and like,
you know,
whilst there are like many people that are,
we could say not using their 50 years to maximum effect because they are,
you know,
pursuing art material goals.
There are,
you know,
many,
many more people that have never been introduced to the idea of freedom because
from the moment they're born,
they're economically tyrannized and told that your only,
if you are not economically valuable to their system,
you are not valuable at all.
And that isn't,
that's only an idea.
But you know,
if you don't,
you know,
if you can't become a lawyer or you know,
a comedian or whatever,
fuck you.
Well so many of us are trapped in the expectations and values of our parents
too.
But that's a real problem with people.
Don't let their children become an individual.
You know,
they force their children to follow their own rigid ideology.
They shame them when they don't.
I agree with that.
But do you not imagine that a dick fair degree of that stuff is unconscious?
Do you know?
I agree for sure.
Probably unconsciously imposing things on our kids.
100% but not with guilt and women.
If your kid comes to you and say,
Daddy,
no,
I know you wanted me to be a doctor,
but fucking I want to play bongos.
I just want to be the best Bongo player of all time.
I bet you'd probably be like,
Hey,
learn the fucking Pam.
Those give me a hug.
Yeah,
go get those bongos and become the best damn been Goa you can,
there are even mediocre.
Sure.
But there are fathers out there and be like the fuck you are.
You're going to be a goddamn doctor.
Stop being a pussy and you're going to go back to medical school and you're
going to pick up,
your studies are going to get you a tutor and you're going to perform.
Cause we're a Wilson Wilson and this Wilson family's been physicians so it's
eight tape 20 your brand time immemorial.
The Wilson's have been physician made people bite down on the leather strap
before Amnesia.
He sought off legs and he kept those people alive.
You want to play Bongos?
You little fuck yeah,
people get mad
but my bias is towards my kid like Ah,
like sort of iron.
Like when we was back in England like I was aware of like grandparents or
whatever,
reacting as spiders and stuff going,
Oh spiders is scary and let them fucking teach him that.
Spiders a scary,
I don't want her to think of things is scary.
Tell it that this spot is a call there.
All right.
There's nothing you can do like say and you're aware of familial influence like
that.
They wanted the hair to be a certain way.
They want him to wear certain things.
I want him to like,
yeah,
part of the veganism is like if you make these kids Vegan,
at least now I know wherever they go they're going to be so many restrictions on
their food.
I've not made the kids Vegan.
They eat where the hell they want.
It's up to them either.
Thank you.
Where's my gold stuff?
Where's my ticker tape parade?
Um,
but like,
uh,
so,
but like,
you know,
I,
but I don't know what,
you know,
oh,
we don't know our own biases.
We don't know what,
where we've been institutionalized because how,
you know,
the very nature of their unconscious is we are not aware of it,
you know?
So I suppose in a sense a cook continued open mindedness and willingness to
change must be part of any dialogue to go into these situations.
You know,
I might not actually know what's,
that's why I'm not,
when I was 20,
if you'd have said about the hunt in art,
be like,
oh no man,
Dah,
la.
Now I'm like,
yeah,
Jesus,
there's so many ways of seeing the world.
There's so many ways of looking at what's natural and what's correct.
Um,
you know,
what do I think with hunter
doing hunting is like many things in that there's no real clean answer.
There's no yes or no good or bad because you can think there is.
But then you find circumstances like wild pigs or invasive species.
Like I,
I go hunting on a place called the nine.
So one of the small islands of Hawaii,
there's somewhere in the neighborhood of 3000 people and 20,000 deer.
It is so overpopulated with deer and they have to kill them.
They killed them every day.
They hire snipers.
They hire people to killing.
People are slamming it in with their cars.
I mean,
they're fucking everywhere.
And their access deer,
they're not even from there.
They're from,
uh,
someone brought them over from India to give to King Kamehameha and like the 18
hundreds there.
Their animals actually that evolve to get away from tigers.
So there's this insanely fast,
beautiful deer that are everywhere.
They're forced to kill.
Well,
the good news is the people that are a low income people,
the island always have meat.
There's,
there's meet everywhere.
Everyone can haunt.
It's really easy to find them.
You can,
you can find them.
And if you,
you know,
if you want,
you can go kill him.
Yeah.
I've got no moral judgment about that.
You know,
if there's rats in my house,
what,
I'm not going to put down poison.
I'm going to go with as a thing.
Right.
As allowed to flourish.
You should probably feel bad about killing a rat,
right?
As a Vegan.
I do feel bad.
I feel bad about everything.
I'm hungry.
What about my,
yeah,
I would,
I wouldn't swap Musky [inaudible].
Even the Dalai Lama,
even the Dalai Lama low.
I see him.
He went,
uh,
like the first time a general brash,
the second time,
a harder one for time.
Smack the Dalai Lama.
The Dalai Lama gives him free chances,
but then you're out.
You might be reincarnated or saying back.
Can I go for the please?
Yeah,
sure,
sure.
Go ahead man.
It's almost three o'clock already.
Do you believe it or not?
Well,
Oh God,
let me see.
Like when standing up just made me realize the pressure my bladder was on the,
okay.